Hi Ling Ling!
Thanks for your last message.
It was great to hear from you and I can't wait to meet you.
I hope you will know me from my photo when I arrive at the airport.
I'm quite tall with short fair hair and I wear glasses.
I'll wear jeans and a t-shirt for the journey, but I'll also carry my warm coat.
I've got your photo.
You look very pretty, I'm sure we'll find each other.
Thanks for telling me about your hobbies.
You sound just like me.
I spend a lot of time playing classical music with my friends at school, but I also like
dance music.
I love dancing.
I enjoy sports as well, especially tennis.
My brother is in the school tennis team.
I'm very proud of him.
He's good at everything, but I'm not.
Sometimes I get bad marks at school and I feel sad.
I should work harder.
You asked me, how do you feel about coming to China?
Well, I often feel a bit sad at first when I leave my mum and dad for a few days.
And I'm quite shy when I'm with strangers.
I feel nervous when I speak Chinese, but I'll be fine in a few days.
I'm always sorry when I don't know how to do things in the right way, so please help
me when I'm with you in China.
Oh, I'm afraid of flying too.
I can't tell you how excited I am about going to China.
See you next week.
Love Sally.